org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantNameAndType  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantClass  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.generic.ICONST  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.classfile.JavaClass  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantString  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.generic.D2I  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.MethodGen  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.generic.I2F  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.DMUL  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.MONITORENTER  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.LRETURN  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.LSHL  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.FCMPL  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.ISTORE  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.Instruction  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.LMUL  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.IASTORE  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.RETURN  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.IALOAD  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.L2D  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.DUP_X2  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.MONITOREXIT  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.LSUB  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.LDIV  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.ILOAD  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.FADD  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.LALOAD  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.IRETURN  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.IUSHR  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.ISHL  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.DALOAD  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.L2I  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.LCMP  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.BALOAD  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.DRETURN  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.DCONST  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.FDIV  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantLong  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.generic.FCONST  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantDouble  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantFloat  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.generic.ClassGen  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.generic.ASTORE  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantInteger  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantFieldref  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.classfile.Method  --  randoop.EqualsReflexive
org.apache.bcel.classfile.Method  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.generic.FieldGen  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.generic.LCONST  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.classfile.JavaClass  --  randoop.EqualsReflexive
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantUtf8  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.generic.IfInstruction  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantMethodref  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.generic.ALOAD  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantInterfaceMethodref  --  randoop.EqualsToNullRetFalse
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantMethodref  --  randoop.EqualsReflexive
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantClass  --  randoop.EqualsReflexive
org.apache.bcel.classfile.ConstantDouble  --  randoop.EqualsReflexive
org.apache.bcel.generic.FieldGen  --  randoop.EqualsReflexive
org.apache.bcel.generic.ACONST_NULL  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode
org.apache.bcel.generic.NOP  --  randoop.EqualsHashcode

